if you're looking for videos and you're
at the right place pc to the council a
little smile on your face junk car
junkyard get ready to watch Shelby to
your problem don't guard hey everybody I
you know welcome to another episode of
cooking with junkyard well today we are
cooking corn casserole with Thanksgiving
around the corner I was thinking of all
these different type of dishes side
dishes that would complement a wonderful
turkey meal and this is one of them corn
casserole so as far as the ingredients
go pretty basic we have some butter we
have a can of creamed corn as well as
whole kernel corn we have a package of
cornbread mix as well as muffin mix you
can use whatever but this was in the
aisle real cheap too there's like 80
cents a couple eggs a cup of sour cream
and the stove in the oven preheating the
oven to 350 degrees let's get these
ingredients mixed together let's get
started okay so in a bowl what we're
going to do is add two eggs we're gonna
beat those eggs up eat about eat a box
all right then we're gonna add melted
butter now I melted the butter on the
stove and we're going to go ahead and
add that to the eggs use a spatula to
get it all out we're going to add the
corn now this was a whole corn and we
drained the candy drained all the juices
out of the whole corn can and the
creamed corn you leave it as it is we're
going to add that to it
get all that out of the jar there we're
going to add our for bread mix stir that
all together excellent and then we're
going to add our sour cream just mix it
all together so it's nice and blended
there's a nice concoction I guess you
would call it yeah I'm folding it we
fold it all together get all those
ingredients incorporated this one all
right excellent all right then we get
error nine and a half inch Bowl here so
nine by nine dish we're going to grease
it up page you some spray pour all of
this right into it
alright perfect and now we're going to
put this in a 350 degree oven for 45
minutes let's get over to the oven okay
here it is we pulled it out of the oven
it's cooked for actually about 50
minutes I went over the allotted 45
minute time because I wanted to be a
golden brown on top I let it sit for
about five minutes now let's go ahead
and cut into it
all right look at that it looks like it
screaming from the corner you can see
the corn that's inside of it
take a trip out here time
very cool just get a little bit of that
crust creamy on the inside get that
crust out there
get the flavor of the corn obviously the
cornbread wow what a simple dish and it
really comes together the flavors are
incredible very good you may add want to
add a little bit of salt to it
afterwards but no obviously that's your
personal preference but my gosh what a
good meal this is something I've never
made before just came across this recipe
from a friend and I'm definitely going
to make this again try this one out baby
corn casserole and take another bite
thank you for watching this is another
episode of cooking with Jacob needless
to say keep cooking